People looking at some ice crystals with some random orange swirlies. It's boring looking. This one is pretty. It's got a lot of colors and it's like two people discovering a new land. That's nice. This one's cool cuz it kind of gives me like settlers of Catan vibes. It's real colorful and there's lots of people and I like the symmetry. This one's cool too cuz I like the colors and the kind of godlike figure and just like the mildly impressionist nature of it. Boring. I've been like a pretty little European downtown where the sun's setting this one's nice cuz it's like a city but like way cooler and I imagine it's what being in China would be like if my husband would ever let me go there. This one's cool cuz it's like fantastical and the colors are nice and it's like. Oh yeah, we're going on an ocean journey. I like this one too cuz of all the colors and the symmetry. This one's nice too cuz it has two people and and the purplish pinkish bluish color combination I like and also it has like a fantasy element. This one I like cuz it's like two people in a pretty garden and it just has calming vibes. I don't really like this one too much. It's I don't know. I think the style of the people just dress dressed up. I don't really like that. I wish they were more like in. I don't know different clothing and on the left I guess that looks like a city and on the right it looks like a farm with a city in the background. I don't know. It doesn't really make much sense this one's pretty. It looks like a photograph though not AI which is a testament to the AI, but I'd rather have some colorful and fun. This one is okay. It could use more pink and purples.