This one's nice. It kind of reminds me of Pocahontas a little bit. I like the symmetry and the outdoorsiness. I like the fantastical architecture in this one and the color scheme. I wish it featured me and Jason. I like this one because I like the colors and it's kind of impressionist which I think we both like and but it looks like the couple in the corn is a little worried. This one's a classic. I've always liked this one. This one's interesting because there's no mother in the picture. There's children and two men. I like the symmetry of it. You know it kind of looks like the mom might be entombed in trees, which is kind of weird. This one I don't know if I like it. It's got kind of a doomsday end of the world vibe, which you know I'm not trying to think about that right before bed. This is a classic. This one's interesting, it really nailed the color scheme that I like. But again, a lot of these have a doomsday theme and I don't. I don't know if I love that. I like this one a lot because it kind of feels like it's in the future because of the shiny buildings and the tall shining buildings. But it also is very classic, although it does kind of look like there's someone stopping people from crossing the bridge, which I don't love that this is a classic. It always reminds me of settlers of Catan. This one I think is a little flat on the colors. We did this one 's weird cuz the hands are wrong. Oh this one's amazing. I love the sharpness of it. It's in stands in good contrast to all the impressionism. This one again seems kind of dark and I don't know why they're so much darkness. I like it when it's happy and fun like the the people just seem sad. This city looks like it's being attacked by a tree. This one. I don't know if I like this one because it's a little bit boring. I think this one again look it has like a doomsday vibe to it like it looks like these people have found some sort of abandoned City and have built a garden in it. I don't really like the Doomsday negative vibes. I feel like there should be like well. I kind of like this one. Overall, it does kind of tell a story. I wish that me and Jason were Central though. Oh, this one's amazing. This is a classic. We love this one! Give us the vibes of spaceships or boats. Going to explore a new world. I don't like the fighting in this one. I love this one. I love how happy we look. I don't know why it's twice though. I don't know why you can extend the scene a little. I wish there was a little bit more color in this one but overall it's really beautiful. I like this one but again the guy in the middle is a little bit distressing. This one's okay but the fact that there's hands at the bottom is kind of weird and I wish it was me and Jason not some random couple. I like this one a lot. It's like happy and pink and cheery. But again, I wish Jason and I were the ones in the middle. I like this one. I've always like this one. Secret garden vibes. This one's okay. I think it's maybe a little too impressionist and there's no girl. I'd rather have girls in the picture than boys. This one I don't love. It's a little flat. We did that one. This one's beautiful! Perfect. I think we talked about this one. This is too dark, too scary. Oh I love this one. This one reminds me of Carmel, California when Jason and I were on a road trip together.